Proposal: Add motivation and Purpose (#7)
UBC-MDS/Cost_of_living_py: Proposal.md

# Proposal

##Motivation and Purpose

Our role: Data Science research group interested in World economy

Target audience: Graduating students looking to start their careers and life

> Students completing their degree spend the last 3 to 4 months of their last semester wondering: what next? Students who are looking to work after graduating especially have questions about the current job market, companies and whether they would be able to afford moving to a new country or city for a job. Our dashboard specifically aims to ease the decision making for the last factor mentioned. We will be providing an interactive tool for users to observe the cost of living in 161 cities located across North and South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Users will have a chance to view and play around with different factors included in our cost of living analysis. Additionally, they will also be able to visually compare cost of living in different cities at once. Finally, we also have other interesting visualizations for those who are looking to buy properties and cars. Using this data visualization app, graduating students would be able to make more informed decisions about their life and careers after college. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Students completing their degree spend the last 3 to 4 months of their last semester wondering: what next? Students who are looking to work after graduating especially have questions about the current job market, companies and whether they will be able to afford moving to a new country or city for a job. Our dashboard aims to ease the decision making for the last factor mentioned. We aim to provide an interactive tool for users to observe the cost of living in 161 cities located across North and South America, Europe, Asia and Australia with the ability to explore different factors that affect monthly expenditures. Additionally, they will  be able to visually compare cost of living in different cities at once. Finally, we will provide visualizations for those who are looking to buy properties or see how prices compare spatially. Using this data visualization app, graduating students will be able to make more informed decisions about their life and careers after college. 
```
